Document state_agg changes in Toolkit 1.14 (#2037)
timescale/docs: api/_hyperfunctions/compact_state_agg/into_values.md

---
api_name: into_values()
excerpt: Expand a state aggregate into a set of rows displaying the duration of each state
topics: [hyperfunctions]
api:
  license: community
  type: function
  toolkit: true
  experimental: true
  version:
    experimental: 1.6.0
hyperfunction:
  family: state tracking
  type: accessor
  aggregates:
    - compact_state_agg()
api_details:
  summary: >
    Unpack the state aggregate into a set of rows with two columns, displaying the duration of each state. By
    default, the columns are named `state` and `duration`. You can rename

>     them as you can do with any table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    them using the same method as renaming a table.
```
